Angelica, a dedicated lawyer and
loving mom, devoted her life to
her family.
She had always envisioned a beautiful
future with her children, graduations,
birthdays, weddings, and the sweet
sound of grandchildren running through
her house.
However, everything fell apart
during a routine checkup when the
doctor delivered the devastating news
she had cancer.
I'm sorry Angelica, you have
approximately 3 months to live,
said Doctor Moreno, his voice
echoing coldly in the room.
Angelica felt as though her heart had
been ripped out.
What about her dreams?
What would happen to her children,
Lucas, Sarah and Daniel?
Worry consumed her, but she decided
she couldn't let fear rule her
remaining days.
With courage, Angelica called
her three children, saying, Take
me to eat wherever I want.
I want to enjoy my last days.
She smiled, even though it was
forced in her mind, a burning
desire ignited to live every moment to
the fullest.
On the weekend, when they arrived
at the restaurant, Angelica ordered
a feast.
Meat, chicken, seafood, and all
the juices she craved.
Mom, you can't eat that, it's
too much.
Lucas interrupted, concern in
his eyes.
I love you son, but please let
me die in peace.
I want to enjoy what I have left.
She replied firmly.
Then she knelt at the table and prayed.
Lord, thank you for the life you've
given me.
I'm grateful for your love and these
three months I have left, I will
use them living fully and helping
others.
Days turned into weeks and
surprisingly.
Was still alive.
During those three months she lived her
best life ever.
A lot of trips with her children,
family dinners and laughter.
Each passing day was a gift.
On day 91, her children began
to doubt.
Really, where's the death that
was supposed to come?
Daniel commented sarcastically.
Angelica smiled and replied.
Maybe death got confused and took
someone else.
Seven months later, the family
gathered for a special dinner to
celebrate her survival.
Angelica felt good with renewed energy.
I feel incredible, she told her
siblings and children.
It seems that cancer has forgotten me.
After a medical checkup, Dr.
Valerio was stunned.
I can't explain it, Angelica,
but the tests show the cancer is gone,
she said in amazement.
Angelica, shocked, looked up at
the sky.
Tears streaming down her face and
happiness.
From that day on, her favorite
song became to God Be the glory,
her children.
And their dad, her husband, witnessing
this miracle, decided to surrender
to Jesus.
Grateful for the gift of their mother,
Angelica's husband, Juan also
joined them.
And together they chose to live not
only for themselves, but to help
others.
Years passed, and Angelica's family
became a beacon of hope in their
community.
They started helping the poor,
organizing community kitchens and
donations.
Angelica, who once feared death,
now lived with renewed.
Purpose At a community gathering,
she shared her story.
Cats are taught me to value.
Every day I thank God for giving me
another chance.
I don't just live for myself,
but for those who need hope.
Her children, inspired by her
example, joined her mission, forming
a family united by love, faith
and generosity.
Each day was a celebration of life.
An opportunity to give and share.
Over time, Angelica's family expanded.
Grandchildren arrived, filling
her home with laughter and joy.
Angelica, now wiser and stronger,
passed on to her children and
grandchildren the importance of living
with purpose and gratitude.
Living fully doesn't mean having much,
but giving much.
She taught them.
True wealth is found in love and
generosity.
Thus, Angelica and her family
turned their pain into strength,
becoming a symbol of hope in their
community living each day.
As a gift, their story was not
only a testimony of faith and
perseverance, but also a lesson
in the power of love and the ability to
overcome adversity.